Clarify AC Deprecation Policy for Software Deployment Creation (#1241)
astronomer/docs: software/ac-support-policy.md

To ensure reliability, service is not interrupted when Astronomer Deployments are running unsupported versions of AC. You can use the Astro CLI to access unsupported AC versions for local development and testing.

:::info

> If you have SysAdmin permissions and are using Astronomer Software version 0.27 or later, you can create Deployments with deprecated AC versions and you can enable user access to deprecated AC versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have System Admin permissions and are using Astronomer Software version 0.27 or later, you can create Deployments with deprecated AC versions.
```
Can you clarify whether the "user access" is to the Deployment the System Admin creates, or the ability to create Deployments with those AC versions? According to release notes, it's the former: 

![Screen Shot 2022-09-30 at 10 48 08 AM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/74574233/193243759-30931bf2-2df1-4e7e-b442-1bc6280d5e2f.png)

To make things simple, we could remove the last clause because users would assume that Deployments with deprecated versions work like other Deployments (ie. you can invite users and deploy code to them)

Author: @jwitz this was the ask from Paola:

_A note at the bottom of that section that says System Admins on Software **can enable access to deprecated AC versions and actually create new Deployments with those versions**._

Reviewer: I think the "Access" mentioned here is for users to work in the Deployments, not to create the Deployments themselves. We should not add text that implies non Admin users themselves can create Deployments.
